Add Security policy (#462)
nest-desktop/nest-desktop: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

> ## Supported Versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## General Informations
```

> 
> Use this section to tell people about which versions of your project are
> currently being supported with security updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The NEST Desktop is research oriented software and as such is expected to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NEST Desktop is research oriented software and as such is expected to
```

> run mainly in well protected environments. In case it is found that this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run mainly in well-protected environments. In case it is found that this
```

software can be used to violate security mechanisms, developers will try to

> provide patches that mitigate the risk of this misuse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provide patches that mitigate the risk of this misuse. However, this
cannot be guaranteed and usually, this might be realized only for the most
recent version available. Please check the repository for available
updates.
```

The current policy is explained in SECURITY.md in the nest-desktop main branch.
The policy can also be found at <https://github.com/nest-desktop/nest-desktop/security/policy>.

## Supported Versions

> Generally only the latest version will receive security related updates.
> Currently the following versions are being supported with security updates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, only the latest version will receive security related updates.
Currently, the following versions are being supported with security updates:
```

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| 3.2.x   | :heavy_check_mark: |
| < 3.2   | :x:                |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> 
> Use this section to tell people how to report a vulnerability.
> 
> Tell them where to go, how often they can expect to get an update on a
> reported vulnerability, what to expect if the vulnerability is accepted or
> declined, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This section tells tell people how to report a vulnerability.

It describes where to go, how often users can expect to get an update on a
reported vulnerability, what to expect if the vulnerability is accepted or
declined, etc.
```

> For reporting a vulnerability please create a security advisory on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For reporting a vulnerability, please create a security advisory on the
```
